15 Oh, I swear I feel for you, my uncle.
What
friend
started calling for us, telling us to go outside the
house. Hamad area is a military zone. We were here to
liberate
Al-Rai, but we didn’t hear it. Where did they say, where should we go? Where should we get
out? So we sat down. My father said, “Wait a little longer
before they tell us. Where are
you going? We sat and waited.”  Before they said that, a
quarter of an hour had passed. We found the house sitting and staring at us. They started in the
rooms. We strayed from the place to the
other rooms and sat down and told them that we
had given up and wanted to go out. We raised our hands like this. They took us out. They took
us out. No one responded. I mean, now I found that
my whole family was martyred on Saturday, except for
my sister, but she stayed.  She called me and told me that I was
suffocated, but take me out if you have a place. Take me out.
I was looking for a place to get her out of and I was
unable to move because all the rubble was on my feet and the
whole door was also on my feet. I don’t know how to
move.